How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself and in
no instance bypass the discriminations of reason? You have been given the
principles that you ought to endorse, and you have endorsed them. What kind of
teacher, then, are you still waiting for in order to refer your
self-improvement to him? You are no longer a boy, but a full-grown man.
If you are careless and lazy now and keep putting things off and always
deferring the day after which you will attend to yourself, you will not notice
that you are making no progress, but you will live and die as someone quite
ordinary.

From now on, then, resolve to live as a grown-up who is making progress, and
make whatever you think best a law that you never set aside. And whenever you
encounter anything that is difficult or pleasurable, or highly or lowly
regarded, remember that the contest is now: you are at the Olympic Games, you
cannot wait any longer, and that your progress is wrecked or preserved by a
single day and a single event. That is how Socrates fulfilled himself by
attending to nothing except reason in everything he encountered. And you,
although you are not yet a Socrates, should live as someone who at least wants
to be a Socrates.

-- Epictetus

%
Courage is not the absence of fear, but rather the assessment that something
else is more important than fear.

-- Franklin D. Roosevelt

%
When nothing seems to help, I go and look at a stonecutter hammering away at
his rock, perhaps a hundred times without as much as a crack showing in it. Yet
at the hundred and first blow it will split in two, and I know it was not that
last blow that did it, but all that had gone before.

-- Jacob A. Riis

%
Always meet your commitments. Do more than is expected of you. Do things faster
than expected. Achieve better results than expected. Do all of the above with
integrity and with little fanfare.

-- Mark Divine, Unbeatable Mind

%
And I urge you to please notice when you are happy, and exclaim or murmur or 
think at some point, 'If this isn't nice, I don't know what is.'

-- Kurt Vonnegut, A Man Without a Country

%
Whatever it is you're seeking won't come in the form you're expecting.

-- Haruki Murakami

%
An emerald shines even if itâ€™s worth is not spoken of. 

-- Marcus Aurelius